# edX-financial-assistance-answers

## Tell us about your current financial situation. Why do you need assistance? 
I am a student and don't have any special source of income. I totally rely on my father for my college fees and pocket money and other monthly expenditure. My father took an education loan for my graduation expenses. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial assistance will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So, I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I cannot afford to buy the course for $49 alongside my monthly expenses and college fees. I would be happy to get financial help and discount. Receiving this Financial assistance will open for me a new horizon of the world of edX courses, which in turn will help me in the future.

## Tell us about your learning or professional goals. How will a Verified Certificate in this course help you achieve these goals?
I am pursuing my graduation in computer science. Also, I have a keen interest in learning new programming languages and I feel like embedded systems will me emerging rapidly in the technology industry in the coming decade and I have a keen interest in learning the facts that how to do these microcontrollers work which controls the very heart of the embedded system.  I want to pursue my career in the internet of things and the microcontroller industry. After learning and gaining knowledge from this course, I will be able to get on with advance embedded systems as it is the pre-requisite of it. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good resume to get applied to a job. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.
I have been doing my studies in computer science. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm as an intern. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my education loan. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs.  I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject. I am doing my college on education loan already so my pocket doesn't allow me to afford this. So I am badly in need of this financial aid.


## Tell us about your plans for this course. What steps will you take to help you complete the course work and receive a certificate? 
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on edX. I am pursuing me under graduation in computer science. Also, I have a keen interest in doing projects with microcontrollers and the internet of things related to domains like automation, communications, security, etc. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to get applied to a job. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various projects with microcontrollers and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on edX I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity. I will do the course modules daily and try to complete the course before the deadlines specified.
